Miss Guan
From today onwards, this auction house is mine
I open it in my own company
Employees are no different
What are you talking about?
This is clearly Liangjia's auction house
Brother, what nonsense are you talking about?
You can call Liang Tao and ask the princess.
Hey Liang Shao
That's right, someone came today
Hey
What!
Boss Yang
Boss Yang, look at you
You didn't say it earlier
If I had known that Yang Xue was your sister
I won't say hello either.
I don't have time to talk nonsense with you
Or you go by yourself
Or I don't know how Sheng can help you go
Don't pick a question.
I'll go by myself.
I do it myself
Brother, what's going on?
Isn't this auction house two?
From now on
This auction house is yours
You're the trainee manager here
Help my brother start a company well
But you have to work hard.
Otherwise, I won't turn you positive.
Don't worry.
I will definitely try
Yao Ming's auction house
It's really yours.